Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge intelligence . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2416 ; Title 5 ; Section 308 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 96 days . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 130% and use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in Arkansas 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We implore you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% . God 
Bless . Dear Web surfer ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our directory ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1916 ; Title 5 , Section 304 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 12 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet and how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Mr Ames of New Jersey tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! 
Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . 
